ah
okay it's 21st November
6:27 a.m. it's just starting to get
light outside I just wanted to get this
down before I God and do my rounds I
didn't sleep very well last night I it
was really cold and I could hear the
fighting again to the South I don't know
it seemed closer no fires this time well
not I can see anything it just heard the
shots and the usual screaming you know
I'm trying I'm really trying to keep my
head down like you said but it's hard
when I don't know when you're coming
back or yeah if anyone's still out there
I I get so lonely and you know I am
tired I suppose but it's just sometimes
I think you know maybe maybe it would be
better if and if I didn't wait any
longer
because if I do and yeah and they got
here before you then I'm I mean I don't
even have a gun I okay good surrogate
I'm sorry I can't this is so I didn't
mean to do this I'm don't worry don't
worry
you know me it's it's just early rice is
shy you know I'll be fine I'll be fine
when I get out there I hope you're okay
let's get back here soon
you